e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Stryker_WasteManagement.dll.config
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Stryker_WasteManagement.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Stryker_WasteManagement.pdb
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Owin.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\WebGrease.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\obj\Debug\Stryker_WasteManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\obj\Debug\Stryker_WasteManagement.dll
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\obj\Debug\Stryker_WasteManagement.pdb
e:\users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\SimpleCrypto.dll
E:\Users\navil.s\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stryker_WasteManagement\Stryker_WasteManagement\bin\Jmelosegui.Mvc.GoogleMap.dll
